welcome to my first
figures review this time with the basic
spring from here the pack the velo
stink normal basic series
That's the back
in the series are at phoenix
Jack Swagger and Mason Ryan are there
a few rings this but the me
Never against Germany or that does not matter
Germany is very, very much anyway
difficult to get a good figure on it
but that's why here's the good one
unpacked
wide grin rest, he with
have his curly as you know
not really great
especially he has a tattoo also on
start here he could on the poor
you actually think that tattoos are
should also in my opinion
represent any sweatbands
he has on the one hand still
ergo pad and here was also under
the latte
but okay , so it seems great
To be labadee fan that he is
tattooed forearm on a leave
seems to come a bit sharper
I 'll be fine then he has on one
side one glove on the other
no glove side and the band is
also painted only and not a real one
The belt of the belt is a belt
but not to make or otherwise
then he has something like her
probably already noticed
black ones already be so all eyes on
the truth on the side and on the
back stands crew visbek and chemistry
nothing else is actually to continue
one shoe and the back of the shoe
pants is not really next
Rather, he has not so on